END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR ECM LIBRARY SOFTWARE 
IMPORTANT—READ CAREFULLY: This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and DMA, Limited Inc. for the ECM Library software that accompanies this EULA, which includes associated media and DMA Limited Internet-based services ("Software"). An amendment or addendum to this EULA may accompany the Software. 
YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS EULA BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR USING THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT INSTALL, COPY, OR USE THE SOFTWARE; YOU MAY RETURN IT TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A FULL REFUND, IF APPLICABLE. 
1. 	GRANT OF LICENSE. DMA Limited grants you the following rights provided that you comply with all terms and conditions of this EULA: 
1.1 	Installation and use. You may: 
	(a) install and use a copy of the Software on one personal computer.
	(b) Connect to an ECM Repository and an ECM Thesaurus database.
1.2 	Alternative Rights for Storage/Network Use. As an alternative to Section 1.1(a), you may install a copy of the Software on a network storage device, such as a server computer, and allow one access device, such as a personal computer, to access and use that licensed copy of the Software over a private network. You must obtain a license to the Software for each additional device that accesses and uses the Software installed on the network storage device, except as permitted by Section 1.4 of this EULA. 
1.3 	License Grant for Remote Desktop. You may use remote access technologies, such as the Remote Desktop features in Microsoft Windows or NetMeeting or GOTO Meeting or other such remote attach, to access and use your licensed copy of the Software, provided that only the primary user of the device hosting the remote desktop session accesses and uses the Software with a remote access device. These remote desktop rights do not permit you to use the Software on both the device hosting the remote desktop session and the access device at the same time. 
1.4 	License Grant for Remote Assistance. You may permit any device to access and use your licensed copy of the Software for the sole purpose of providing you, the registered user, with technical support and maintenance services. 
1.5 	License Grant for Media Elements. The Software may include certain photographs, clip art, shapes, animations, sounds, music and video clips that are identified in the Software for your use (together "Media Elements"). You may copy and modify the Media Elements, and license, display and distribute them, along with your modifications as part of your software products and services, including your web sites, but you are not licensed to do any of the following: 
•	You may not sell, license or distribute copies of the Media Elements by themselves or as part of any collection, product or service if the primary value of the product or service is in the Media Elements. 
•	You may not grant customers of your product or service any rights to license or distribute the Media Elements. 	
•	You may not license or distribute any of the Media Elements that include representations of identifiable individuals, governments, logos, initials, emblems, trademarks, or entities for any commercial purposes or to express or imply any endorsement or association with any product, service, entity, or activity. 
•	You may not create obscene or scandalous works, as defined by federal law at the time the work is created, using the Media Elements. 
In addition, you must (a) indemnify and defend DMA Limited from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees that arise from or result from the licensing, use or distribution of Media Elements as modified by you, and (b) include a valid copyright notice on your products and services that include the Media Elements. 
1.6 	License Grant for Documentation. The documentation that accompanies the Software is licensed for internal, non-commercial reference purposes only.
